README.md, before:

strengthify
===========

Combine jQuery and zxcvbn to create a password strength meter.

How to use
----------

Add the following wrapper to your document - preferably near the
password field.

```HTML
<div class="strengthify-wrapper"></div>
```

Add `jquery` (tested with 1.10.0), `jquery.strengthify.js` and
`strengthify.css` to your document.

```HTML
<script src="jquery-1.10.0.min.js"></script>
<script src="jquery-tipsy.js"></script>
<script src="jquery.strengthify.js"></script>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="strengthify.css" type="text/css">
```

Because [zxcvbn](https://github.com/lowe/zxcvbn) is really
heavyweight, it will be loaded asynchronously from `zxcvbn/zxcvbn.js`. This can however be configured with an optional parameter.

Then call `.strengthify` on the password input field.

```JavaScript
$('#password-field').strengthify()
```

That's it. Now the password strength meter will be updated after
each keystroke.

Configuration
-------------

The path and the title of the different strength categories can
be configured with the first parameter of `.strengthify`.

Default:

```JSON
{
  "zxcvbn": "zxcvbn/zxcvbn.js",
  "titles": [
    "Weakest",
    "Weak",
    "So-so",
    "Good",
    "Perfect"
  ]
}
```

Overwrite example:

```JavaScript
$('#password-field').strengthify({zxcvbn: 'my/path/to/zxcvbn.js'})
```

Versions
--------

<dl>
  <dt>0.4.1</dt>
  <dd>hotfix for missing ;</dd>
  <dt>0.4</dt>
  <dd>syntax and performance cleanups</dd>
  <dt>0.3</dt>
  <dd>some fixes:
    <ul>
      <li>migrate from "display" to "opacity"</li>
      <li>fix pasting to input field</li>
      <li>add tipsy with strength</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>0.2</dt>
  <dd>solve mimetype issues</dd>
  <dt>0.1</dt>
  <dd>Initial version</dd>
</dl>

Commit message:

Add inputs configuration option and set position on wrapper element.

README.md, after:

strengthify
===========

Combine jQuery and zxcvbn to create a password strength meter.

How to use
----------

Add the following wrapper to your document - preferably near the
password field.

```HTML
<div class="strengthify-wrapper"></div>
```

Add `jquery` (tested with 1.10.0), `jquery.strengthify.js` and
`strengthify.css` to your document.

```HTML
<script src="jquery-1.10.0.min.js"></script>
<script src="jquery-tipsy.js"></script>
<script src="jquery.strengthify.js"></script>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="strengthify.css" type="text/css">
```

Because [zxcvbn](https://github.com/lowe/zxcvbn) is really
heavyweight, it will be loaded asynchronously from `zxcvbn/zxcvbn.js`. This can however be configured with an optional parameter.

Then call `.strengthify` on the password input field.

```JavaScript
$('#password-field').strengthify()
```

That's it. Now the password strength meter will be updated after
each keystroke.

Configuration
-------------

The path and the title of the different strength categories can
be configured with the first parameter of `.strengthify`.

The inputs property is an array of words to add to zxcvbn's dictionary
or a function that returns the array to use.

Default:

```JSON
{
  "zxcvbn": "zxcvbn/zxcvbn.js",
  "titles": [
    "Weakest",
    "Weak",
    "So-so",
    "Good",
    "Perfect"
  ],
  "inputs": []
}
```

Overwrite example:

```JavaScript
$('#password-field').strengthify({zxcvbn: 'my/path/to/zxcvbn.js'})
```

Versions
--------

<dl>
  <dt>0.4.1</dt>
  <dd>hotfix for missing ;</dd>
  <dt>0.4</dt>
  <dd>syntax and performance cleanups</dd>
  <dt>0.3</dt>
  <dd>some fixes:
    <ul>
      <li>migrate from "display" to "opacity"</li>
      <li>fix pasting to input field</li>
      <li>add tipsy with strength</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>0.2</dt>
  <dd>solve mimetype issues</dd>
  <dt>0.1</dt>
  <dd>Initial version</dd>
</dl>
